#trivial - Add gulp docs. (#2073)
justeat/fozzie-components: stories/guides/fozzie/fozzie-migration-guide.stories.mdx

}
</style>
```

> <a name="gulp-migration"></a><h2>If you're coming from Gulp</h2>

Reviewer: Would this be a more accurate heading?
```suggestion
<a name="gulp-migration"></a><h2>If you're not using Webpack</h2>
```

Author: I think for this one it should stay as Gulp as we want users who are currently on these tools to have a section specific to them. There's two teams using Gulp at the moment.

> If your application uses a different build tool other than webpack (see [prerequisites](#prerequisites) above) such as [Gulp](https://gulpjs.com/). This section will cover the steps you need to complete in-order to migrate successfully.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If your application uses a different build tool other than webpack (see [prerequisites](#prerequisites) above) such as [Gulp](https://gulpjs.com/), this section will cover the steps you need to complete in order to migrate successfully.
```

#### Gulp Build Fozzie:

> [Gulp build fozzie](https://github.com/justeat/gulp-build-fozzie) is a set of Gulp tasks used across Fozzie modules. If your application uses this to build packages, instead of Webpack, you will need to firstly update to the latest version (v11.0.0). Version 11.0.0 removes a package called eyeglass which essentially creates a shortcut to your `node_modules` folder.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Gulp build fozzie](https://github.com/justeat/gulp-build-fozzie) is a (now deprecated) set of Gulp tasks that can be used to build Fozzie modules. If your application uses this to bundle your project, instead of Webpack, you will firstly need to update to the latest version of `gulp-build-fozzie` (v11.0.0). Version 11.0.0 is compatible with the latest versions of fozzie (v9+), removing support for a package called eyeglass which essentially creates a shortcut to your `node_modules` folder.
```

> The following changes need to happen once you've updated gulp-build-fozzie to v11 or greater:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following changes need to happen once you've updated `gulp-build-fozzie` to v11 or greater:
```

> 1. Bump `fozzie` to the latest major version (v9), see changelog for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Bump `fozzie` to the latest major version (v9), [see changelog for details](https://github.com/justeat/fozzie/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md).
```

> 2. If you are using `node-sass` then you will need to change over to use `dart-sass` this is as simple as changing it to `sass` within your `package.json`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. If you are using `node-sass` then you will need to change over to use `dart-sass`.  This is as simple as changing `node-sass` to `sass` within your `package.json`.
```

> 3. Within your application you will need to update some of the fozzie paths to follow the new `@use/@forward` rules, see [here](#new-way-use--forward) for more details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Within your application you will need to update some of the fozzie paths to follow the new `@use/@forward` rules, see [here for more details](#new-way-use--forward).
```

    - Essentially:

>         `import 'fozzie';` changes to `'@justeat/fozzie/src/scss/fozzie' as f;`

Reviewer: Should this be like this?
```suggestion
        `import 'fozzie';` changes to `@use '@justeat/fozzie/src/scss/fozzie' as f;`
```

Author: Yup, good spot.

> 4. With the new `@use` change above you will now need to update your entire application so `fozzie` helpers can be accessed correctly. See [example](https://github.com/justeat/fozzie-components/pull/2033) PR.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. With the new `@use` change above you will now need to update your SCSS so that `fozzie` helpers can be accessed correctly. See [this PR](https://github.com/justeat/fozzie-components/pull/2033) for an example of these changes.
```
